Added more information on creating new starter bots. (#25)
EntelectChallenge/2020-Overdrive: starter-bots/README.md

The reference bot on the other hand is capable of playing a game from start to finish with some cleverness built in. This is there to help contestants who want something a bit smarter to work from.

## Additional languages

> For any additional languages apart from the initial 4 that have been provided we will be relying on the community to contribute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any additional languages (except C#, Java, Javascript and Python 3) we will be relying on the community to contribute. 
```

Author: Updated

> To submt a new language for the tournament the following will need to be provided :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit a new language for the tournament the following will need to be provided :
```

Author: Updated
